Let's take a look at the highlights
If it can not grow, various scenes are-yes that first
High 3 times
This is good
First Akiyama
It is third base punch
Onizaki's type after this is the first point to enter the sixth
From here to today
4 tables of January cars will start the battle if bold
To Naniru is Itoi Oite Mardi
The slide that I hit in the first at bat
When I was a child, I will dance a when it comes to the scene , so I entrusted the crawler with the 2 runs of reversal .
Instant death is good again a
At regains tone five times Nora of them
Please answer
Kuriyama same point timely
To go
Line has led this round
Herman's after Asamura came out and became full-fledged
5 Lee
There is no one
Captain
West sings now
Hirai came out, and even from this Hirai
Come back again with Carter Script
I hit the first hit of my favorite first step-
I was connected to the card because I do
I am discharged by this
6 times front edge pitching
But is a dead ball Kinchu Katsuta Station teeth of people Barugudisu of Itoi
The taking pitcher grounder available Tsuji will survive this pinch
However
It is this seventh floor that regrets
It is bathed in Ito and two Adachi
Helped Watanabe's decision quickly
Hi here Ne or to Ja that I would be a step down
So I think I chan Porter'm just that there has been difficult
The scene rice pitcher of two runners changed with a huge sound
It came out after the Kawasaki
I gave a foreball to Sakaguchi, and then two points timely to Kawabata
I also wanted to say the ball after Nishi, like changing the cloud on the slope of this game
It has become the foul
This five pairs around east store if there is further Itoi excl students fly
And now without both west of reason
When I was a What a Daedeok a lot of rope, but it was a further pinch have come here out Yosuke Okamoto
Tent
Step 7 Nora This time Oryx is coming out of Higa and the top batter clear is a big win
This is good because I need a flow again
This meeting happened to
is inside
After this, Osaki Autonomous University
7 bodies also I think I thought because this one point is large
It is ahead after this
It was good to fold it , I sent it on a mat and it 's about the current working life
The value
Say so and
I made a shape, but I made eight appearances
It is at the point when your flower comes out of charge of Touch 1 inning
2 out Mishima Ichiba live there was a twist even to here
If you think that you have beaten raw
Error of
It seemed to have eaten, but this high school player
Now 9 times 2-out-in will be extended lonely I turn I was left well any future pitcher
The
After taking the left front tour and this one before
Taichung
Do not even went but difficulty information
Enter the extra game 11 tables
Shibata appeared 10 times and was reduced to 1
Mix the rocks once
A full-fledged pinch
Wild pitch here
I want you
Furthermore, this is mountain of this
Shallow fly left
Kuriyama
I took it
From now on shaky pachi- up back foam
Timing is a big feature
It is I, but has been go around to the end so dropped the ball
heavy
It will be nine to seven It was a place where I finished it, but the back side
Attending Akiyama and rather Asamura in Ho became take a call planted in three trigger this in the 9-to-81 point difference
In addition, one runner
The putter's Fell number is good
Other 9
Sell to a place called only or no the left intermediate
If you meet pasta
Also it came out utilizing both second large from a place called after one person
Extended twelve times I became the tricks ion moving image and a first base, but
Also any and Takanori Hoshi and back after this Masaki've launched a fly with a bat
This was also the first lander's start
I can not take
Game cell with a double play
Time 29
It seems I had a hey yeah
But in a nutshell hitting line is very tenacious
I managed to catch up with you somehow